Create an automation framework to execute the scenario’s listed below.
The framework should be able to execute UI tests on Altijd lage prijzen op je
dagelijkse boodschappen or Jumbo APP, your choice. You can use the tool(s),
framework and language that you prefer. We want you to showcase your skills. If you
feel comfortable showcasing your skills with any of the frameworks we currently use,
that would be a win-win. Next to the framework itself, please provide a written
explanation of the steps you took and the choices you made, to give us some insights in
your process.
If it’s not possible to finish the whole assignment in less than 3 hours, please share what
you were able to do in that time and contact us.
 
Frameworks which are currently being used within Jumbo:
 Cypress - Graphql mock server with Mocha/Chai
 Serenity BDD - RestAssured with Junit5


Scenario (1)
Open the jumbo website or APP
User story
As a customer I want to open the Jumbo website or APP so that I can learn more about
what Jumbo has to offer
Acceptance criteria
1. From the home screen the customer should have the option to navigate to
products (“Producten”), to recipes (“Recepten”), to offers (“Aanbiedingen”) and
product basket (“Mandje”)
2. The home screen offers the customer pre-defined shopping
 
Scenario (2)
Login with an existing customer
User story
As a loyal customer I want to log-in with my My Jumbo account so that my shopping
experience will be personalized
Acceptance criteria
1. For log-in a username in (the form of an e-mailadress) and password are
required

2. The customer is greeted by their first name (“Hallo &lt;first name&gt;”) on the home
page

Scenario (3)
Search for a specific product
User story
As a customer I want to search based on product names so that I can easily find my
favorite products.
Acceptance criteria
1. When using the search bar to search for “Unicorn”, all returned items have
“Unicorn” in their product name
2. For all available items a price is shown

Scenario (4)
Open the product detail page
User story
As a customer I want to open the product detail page to get more information about the
product.
Acceptance criteria
1. The price of the product is shown
2. Add To Basket option is available
3. Breadcrumbs are visible
 
Scenario (5)
Add a product to the basket from the product detail page
User story
As a customer I want to add the product to my basket so that I can create an order.
Acceptance criteria
1. Item count on basket icon is increased
2. Product is shown in the basket with the correct quantity 
3. There is an option to remove the product from the basket